Update README.md (#35202)
solana-labs/solana: docs/README.md

> Note: The documentation within this repo is specifically focused on the
> Solana validator client maintained by Solana Labs. The more "common"

> > documentation which is generalized to the Solana protocol as a whole, and apply
> > to all Solana validator implementations, are maintained within the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> documentation, which is generalized to the Solana protocol as a whole and applies
> to all Solana validator implementations, is maintained within the
```
Thanks! Do you mind merging my suggestion to fix a couple other grammar errors while you're here?
